src/pages/index.md, before:

---
title: Home
sections:
  - type: hero_section
    title: 'Read, Build & Learn'
    subtitle: Tinker with electronics and Learn a bit too!
    content: >-
      **No coding, No App, No Screen Time**. Kids will use their *hands* working
      with batteries, motors, lights and sensors!. **God Promise!** more fun
      than having investors at your door.
    actions:
      - label: Subscribe Now
        url: /pricing
        style: primary
        has_icon: false
      - label: Learn More
        url: /features
        style: secondary
    image: images/classic/hero.png
    media_position: left
    media_width: fifty
    align: left
    padding_top: large
    padding_bottom: large
    background_color: primary
  - type: grid_section
    title: Tinkercaps Projects
    subtitle: Some fun projects in our kits
    align: center
    grid_items:
      - image: images/logo-1.svg
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-2.svg
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-3.svg
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-4.svg
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-5.svg
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-6.svg
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-7.svg
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-8.svg
        image_align: center
    grid_cols: four
    grid_gap_horiz: medium
    grid_gap_vert: medium
  - type: features_section
    title: What's Special About Tinkercaps
    subtitle: Features Section Example
    features:
      - title: Offline First
        subtitle: 'Touch, Feel & Tinker'
        content: >-
          Kids are hooked to their devices be it online classes or games.
          Tinkercaps aims to keep all learning material traditional i.e printed
          instructions to follow. Yes, being offline is our USP!
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /style-guide
            style: primary
            has_icon: true
            icon: arrow-right
            icon_position: right
        image: images/classic/feature-1.png
        media_position: right
        media_width: fifty
      - title: 'Build & Keep '
        content: >-
          A problem with all the toys / learning kits in the market are you have
          to build, break and repeat. Tinkercaps kit, let you Build, Keep and
          Showcase your creation to friends and family!
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /style-guide
            style: primary
            has_icon: true
            icon: arrow-right
            icon_position: right
        image: images/classic/feature-2.png
        media_position: left
        media_width: fifty
        subtitle: 'No Build, Break & Repeat'
      - title: Practical Projects
        subtitle: Make things you can put to use
        content: >-
          Smart Light, Automatic Sanitiser Dispenser, Fire Alarm, Curtain
          Closer, Toy Gun etc, these are some projects your kids will make that
          can actually be used at home!
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /style-guide
            style: primary
            has_icon: true
            icon: arrow-right
            icon_position: right
        image: images/classic/feature-3.png
        media_position: right
        media_width: fifty
    feature_padding_vert: large
    align: center
    background_color: secondary
  - type: features_section
    features:
      - title: >-
          "There's no Harvard/Stanford research that we know of that says anything
          about electronics helping your young ones have a great career.
          What we know is kids enjoy making, breaking and exploring!"
        subtitle: 'Mr.Common Sense at University of Brain'
        image: images/brandon-guidelines.png
        media_position: right
        media_width: thirty-three
    feature_padding_vert: small
    background_color: primary
  - type: grid_section
    title: Tinkerkits Programs
    subtitle: 100+ Projects to take your child from Tinkerer to Master Builder
    grid_items:
      - title: Tiny Tinkerer
        title_align: left
        content: >-
          We cover the basics of electronics with breadboards, led's and 555 timers.
          7 projects each spread over a period of 6 months,
          with a total of 40 projects.
        content_align: left
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /style-guide
            style: link
            has_icon: true
            icon: arrow-right
            icon_position: center
        actions_align: left
        image: images/classic/icon-1.svg
        image_position: top
        image_align: left
        image_has_padding: true
      - title: Home Automator
        title_align: left
        content: >-
          With solid fundamentals in electronics from the tiny tinkerer program,
          we move on to building some cool home automation projects
          30 projects to make you go wow!.
        content_align: left
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /style-guide
            style: link
            has_icon: true
            icon: arrow-right
            icon_position: center
        actions_align: left
        image: images/classic/icon-2.svg
        image_position: top
        image_align: left
        image_has_padding: true
      - title: Master Builder
        title_align: left
        content: >-
          Kids will start using Single Board Computers like Arduino and Rasperry Pi
          to create autonomous moving cars, wi-fi & bluetooth enabled devices
          and who knows maybe a tiny robot!.
        content_align: left
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /style-guide
            style: link
            has_icon: true
            icon: arrow-right
            icon_position: center
        actions_align: left
        image: images/classic/icon-3.svg
        image_position: top
        image_align: left
        image_has_padding: true
    grid_cols: three
    grid_gap_horiz: medium
    grid_gap_vert: small
    enable_cards: true
    align: center
    background_color: none
  - type: grid_section
    title: Testimonials
    subtitle: Hear from Happy Parents & Kids!
    grid_items:
      - content: >-
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec nisl
          ligula, cursus id molestie vel, maximus aliquet risus.


          **Hanson Deck,** *App Developer, Studio*
        image: images/hanson-deck.png
        image_position: left
        image_width: twenty-five
      - content: >-
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec nisl
          ligula, cursus id molestie vel, maximus aliquet risus.


          **Miles Tone,** *CEO, Studio*
        image: images/miles-tone.png
        image_position: left
        image_width: twenty-five
      - content: >-
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec nisl
          ligula, cursus id molestie vel, maximus aliquet risus.


          **Eleanor Carr,** *CTO, Studio*
        image: images/eleanor-carr.png
        image_position: left
        image_width: twenty-five
      - content: >-
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec nisl
          ligula, cursus id molestie vel, maximus aliquet risus.


          **Gordon Norman,** *Web Designer, Studio*
        image: images/gordon-norman.png
        image_position: left
        image_width: twenty-five
    grid_cols: two
    grid_gap_horiz: medium
    grid_gap_vert: large
    align: center
    background_color: secondary
  - type: cta_section
    title: Like what you see so far, Subscribe now!
    content: >-
      Let your kids have fun with cool electronic projects!
      They will receive 2 Tinkercaps kits every month, to keep them engaged
      And it starts at only INR 999/-
    actions:
      - label: Subscribe!
        url: /features
        style: secondary
    actions_position: right
    actions_width: fourty
    align: left
    padding_top: large
    padding_bottom: large
    background_color: primary
  - type: grid_section
    title: Team Section
    subtitle: Grid Section Example
    actions:
      - label: Join the team
        url: /style-guide
        style: primary
    grid_items:
      - title: Gustav Purpleson
        subtitle: Co-Founder & CEO
        title_align: center
        image: images/gustav-purpleson.jpg
        image_position: top
      - title: Dianne Ameter
        subtitle: Software Engineer
        title_align: center
        image: images/dianne-ameter.jpg
        image_position: top
      - title: Hugh Saturation
        subtitle: Developer Advocate
        title_align: center
        image: images/hugh-saturation.jpg
        image_position: top
      - title: Hilary Ouse
        subtitle: Operations Manager
        title_align: center
        image: images/hilary-ouse.jpg
        image_position: top
    grid_cols: four
    align: center
    background_color: secondary
  - type: blog_feed_section
    title: What's New
    subtitle: Blog Feed Section Example
    actions:
      - label: View All
        url: /blog
        style: primary
    blog_feed_cols: three
    enable_cards: true
    show_recent: true
    recent_count: 3
    show_image: true
    show_date: true
    show_categories: true
    show_author: true
    show_excerpt: false
    align: center
    padding_top: medium
    padding_bottom: medium
    has_border: false
    background_color: none
  - type: cta_section
    title: This is Call To Action Section In DIY Theme!
    content: >-
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec nisl
      ligula, cursus id molestie vel, maximus aliquet risus. Vivamus in nibh
      fringilla, fringilla.
    actions:
      - label: Button
        url: /pricing
        style: primary
    actions_position: bottom
    align: center
    padding_top: large
    padding_bottom: large
    background_color: secondary
template: advanced
---

Commit message:

edit content in features section

src/pages/index.md, after:

---
title: Home
sections:
  - type: hero_section
    title: 'Read, Build & Learn'
    subtitle: Tinker with electronics and Learn a bit too!
    content: >-
      **No coding, No App, No Screen Time**. Kids will use their *hands* working
      with batteries, motors, lights and sensors!. **God Promise!** more fun
      than having investors at your door.
    actions:
      - label: Subscribe Now
        url: /pricing
        style: primary
        has_icon: false
      - label: Learn More
        url: /features
        style: secondary
    image: images/classic/hero.png
    media_position: left
    media_width: fifty
    align: left
    padding_top: large
    padding_bottom: large
    background_color: primary
  - type: grid_section
    title: Tinkercaps Projects
    subtitle: Some fun projects in our kits
    align: center
    grid_items:
      - image: images/logo-1.svg
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-2.svg
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-3.svg
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-4.svg
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-5.svg
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-6.svg
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-7.svg
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-8.svg
        image_align: center
    grid_cols: four
    grid_gap_horiz: medium
    grid_gap_vert: medium
  - type: features_section
    title: What's Special About Tinkercaps
    subtitle: This is where we convince you to reach for your credit card
    features:
      - title: Offline First
        subtitle: 'No more fights for device time'
        content: >-
          We know its a tall claim (but why not!). Tinkercaps provides instructions via patented "*~~Augmented~~ Real Reality*" i.e **Printed Instructions** to read and follow. Yes, being offline is our USP!.
          We do have instruction videos though, if that's your thing!
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /style-guide
            style: primary
            has_icon: true
            icon: arrow-right
            icon_position: right
        image: images/classic/feature-1.png
        media_position: right
        media_width: fifty
      - title: 'Build & Keep '
        content: >-
          Most similar learning kits follow a assemble, disassemble and make a new project model. Tinkercaps lets the kids **build & keep** their projects. So they can continue to play with it as a toy. (*Read as : So you parents can **showcase** to neighbors, relatives how your child is becoming the next Elon Musk.*)
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /style-guide
            style: primary
            has_icon: true
            icon: arrow-right
            icon_position: right
        image: images/classic/feature-2.png
        media_position: left
        media_width: fifty
        subtitle: 'No Build, Break & Repeat'
      - title: Practical Projects
        subtitle: Make things you can put to use
        content: >-
          Smart Light, Automatic Sanitiser Dispenser, Fire Alarm, Curtain
          Closer, Toy Gun etc, these are some projects your kids will make that
          can actually be used at home! **No jokes here. We are serious!**
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /style-guide
            style: primary
            has_icon: true
            icon: arrow-right
            icon_position: right
        image: images/classic/feature-3.png
        media_position: right
        media_width: fifty
    feature_padding_vert: large
    align: center
    background_color: secondary
  - type: features_section
    features:
      - title: >-
          "There's no Harvard/Stanford research that we know of that says anything
          about electronics helping your young ones have a great career.
          What we know is kids enjoy making, breaking and exploring!"
        subtitle: 'Mr.Common Sense at University of Brain'
        image: images/brandon-guidelines.png
        media_position: right
        media_width: thirty-three
    feature_padding_vert: small
    background_color: primary
  - type: grid_section
    title: Tinkerkits Programs
    subtitle: 100+ Projects to take your child from Tinkerer to Master Builder
    grid_items:
      - title: Tiny Tinkerer
        title_align: left
        content: >-
          We cover the basics of electronics with breadboards, led's and 555 timers.
          7 projects each spread over a period of 6 months,
          with a total of 40 projects.
        content_align: left
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /style-guide
            style: link
            has_icon: true
            icon: arrow-right
            icon_position: center
        actions_align: left
        image: images/classic/icon-1.svg
        image_position: top
        image_align: left
        image_has_padding: true
      - title: Home Automator
        title_align: left
        content: >-
          With solid fundamentals in electronics from the tiny tinkerer program,
          we move on to building some cool home automation projects
          30 projects to make you go wow!.
        content_align: left
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /style-guide
            style: link
            has_icon: true
            icon: arrow-right
            icon_position: center
        actions_align: left
        image: images/classic/icon-2.svg
        image_position: top
        image_align: left
        image_has_padding: true
      - title: Master Builder
        title_align: left
        content: >-
          Kids will start using Single Board Computers like Arduino and Rasperry Pi
          to create autonomous moving cars, wi-fi & bluetooth enabled devices
          and who knows maybe a tiny robot!.
        content_align: left
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /style-guide
            style: link
            has_icon: true
            icon: arrow-right
            icon_position: center
        actions_align: left
        image: images/classic/icon-3.svg
        image_position: top
        image_align: left
        image_has_padding: true
    grid_cols: three
    grid_gap_horiz: medium
    grid_gap_vert: small
    enable_cards: true
    align: center
    background_color: none
  - type: grid_section
    title: Testimonials!
    subtitle: Hear from Happy Parents & Kids!
    grid_items:
      - content: >-
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec nisl
          ligula, cursus id molestie vel, maximus aliquet risus.


          **Hanson Deck,** *App Developer, Studio*
        image: images/hanson-deck.png
        image_position: left
        image_width: twenty-five
      - content: >-
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec nisl
          ligula, cursus id molestie vel, maximus aliquet risus.


          **Miles Tone,** *CEO, Studio*
        image: images/miles-tone.png
        image_position: left
        image_width: twenty-five
      - content: >-
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec nisl
          ligula, cursus id molestie vel, maximus aliquet risus.


          **Eleanor Carr,** *CTO, Studio*
        image: images/eleanor-carr.png
        image_position: left
        image_width: twenty-five
      - content: >-
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec nisl
          ligula, cursus id molestie vel, maximus aliquet risus.


          **Gordon Norman,** *Web Designer, Studio*
        image: images/gordon-norman.png
        image_position: left
        image_width: twenty-five
    grid_cols: two
    grid_gap_horiz: medium
    grid_gap_vert: large
    align: center
    background_color: secondary
  - type: cta_section
    title: Like what you see so far, Subscribe now!
    content: >-
      Let your kids have fun with cool electronic projects!
      They will receive 2 Tinkercaps kits every month, to keep them engaged
      And it starts at only INR 999/-
    actions:
      - label: Subscribe!
        url: /features
        style: secondary
    actions_position: right
    actions_width: fourty
    align: left
    padding_top: large
    padding_bottom: large
    background_color: primary
  - type: grid_section
    title: Team Section
    subtitle: Grid Section Example
    actions:
      - label: Join the team
        url: /style-guide
        style: primary
    grid_items:
      - title: Gustav Purpleson
        subtitle: Co-Founder & CEO
        title_align: center
        image: images/gustav-purpleson.jpg
        image_position: top
      - title: Dianne Ameter
        subtitle: Software Engineer
        title_align: center
        image: images/dianne-ameter.jpg
        image_position: top
      - title: Hugh Saturation
        subtitle: Developer Advocate
        title_align: center
        image: images/hugh-saturation.jpg
        image_position: top
      - title: Hilary Ouse
        subtitle: Operations Manager
        title_align: center
        image: images/hilary-ouse.jpg
        image_position: top
    grid_cols: four
    align: center
    background_color: secondary
  - type: blog_feed_section
    title: What's New
    subtitle: Blog Feed Section Example
    actions:
      - label: View All
        url: /blog
        style: primary
    blog_feed_cols: three
    enable_cards: true
    show_recent: true
    recent_count: 3
    show_image: true
    show_date: true
    show_categories: true
    show_author: true
    show_excerpt: false
    align: center
    padding_top: medium
    padding_bottom: medium
    has_border: false
    background_color: none
  - type: cta_section
    title: This is Call To Action Section In DIY Theme!
    content: >-
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec nisl
      ligula, cursus id molestie vel, maximus aliquet risus. Vivamus in nibh
      fringilla, fringilla.
    actions:
      - label: Button
        url: /pricing
        style: primary
    actions_position: bottom
    align: center
    padding_top: large
    padding_bottom: large
    background_color: secondary
template: advanced
---
